I really lack the words to express how
much contempt I have for the counter
productive self-righteous stupidity of a
natural vegan in doing her crazy little
hatchet job on Sorcha I hope you will
feel the depth of my sincerity when I
say to you that unnatural vegan
statement on this is so moronic is so
lacking in redeeming qualities that it
has inspired me to make a video praising
durianrider because when I put those two
videos side by side unnatural vegans
response to this controversy next
tutorial riders response durianrider
looks like a genius compared to a
natural vegan durianrider is bringing
some real content he's bringing some
suits sincere reflections he's bringing
the first time I've Studdard on camera
Jesus Christ oh I just got back from the
gym he is unnatural vegan really so
stupid that she is unaware that Sorcha
is playing a fictional character in
comedy videos when she offers this
critique unnatural vegan gives us a
deadpan dead serious critique of source
of revenue in terms of effective
activism in her comedy videos that is
just as stupid as if I were to come on
camera now and tell you you know what
this guy Joe vegan if you have nerve Joe
vegan you know he's really a terrible
activist because he doesn't realize that
when he does interpretive dance on
camera he makes interpretive dance look
ridiculous he's not a very good dancer
at all and she just has no idea he's
totally unaware of what he's doing on
camera no no my dude Joe vegan knows
that he is making a comedy video may be
unnatural vegan is so stupid that she
really
does not know that Sorcha merova is
making comedy videos maybe she really
thinks that this character Sorcha plays
is who Sorcha truly is 24 7 in the
scioscia has no control over herself
they criticizes Sorcha for not having a
filter are you kidding these are
completely scripted for Hearst polished
videos these are comedy videos the
elements of sources comedy that are
absurd and ridiculous are very much
intentionally absurd and ridiculous what
she does is provocative and she
successfully reaches a much larger
audience that Oliver reach because she
goes after an audience of people who are
currently meteors people who are not
already vegans right and she reaches
that audience tens of thousands hundreds
of thousands and she reached PewDiePie
this is a victory for her you idiots are
treating it like she was defeated I mean
you know and what what during writer
brought to this it's actually real it's
actually sincere it's a set of
reflections the world needs to hear you
know and it has an element of risk to
coming on the internet and saying
something as simple as that from your
own experience you know what it's like
to grow up playing video games and then
to look back on it later and realize
what a waste of time it was that's real
it's sincere you know and the sad thing
is the internet is full of people who
have a very thin-skinned who are very
defensive with the culture of video
games they have a lot of time on their
hands to devote to daxing you denouncing
you getting a brigade of people to give
but give thumbs down your video no
matter even the humble first-person
perspective during writer states in that
you know what people are going to punish
him for it and it's not going to be my
viewers who are getting up on him it's
going to be people to say how dare you
say anything critical about video games
or about spending hundreds of hours
during your youth playing video games
how dare you all right there is just no
point I in my responding to any of the
the the substance of
what a natural vegan said on this to
call it stupid as an insult to stupidity
but I mean you know like look let's be
real here okay yes what source does is
entertainment it's not activism she
knows that it's comedy it's not some
kind of dead yeah a natural vegan
actually criticizes Sorcha for for
representing a form vigas that's driven
by rage that's driven by anger she seems
angry do you actually think sorcerer
murabba is angry in those comedy videos
you really all you think it's even what
you that's why either how she truly
feels her that's what she's portraying
you watched that video the video she
made on PewDiePie and what you got from
that was anger and extremism really my
dude and this is in a context of all
kinds of vegan activists that I've
talked about on this channel threatening
terrorist violence uh you know putting
bombs in fur shops uh you know breaking
into zoos breaking into sea world you
know the the craziness of real vegan
extremism and just the excuses made for
the statements that are pro violence
from guys like Gary Yourofsky and Steve
best if you want to talk about rage and
extremism you know you can do it with
some sympathy too because a lot of these
people are brokenhearted and trying to
make a positive difference in the world
that just don't know how but yes we do
have problems with rage and hatred and
violence and veganism but it ain't her
it ain't Sorcha you joking it's like
saying that you know pick some some
stand-up comedian it's like saying Chris
Rock it is an example of black power
extreme is in the DS example of someone
who can't control his rage when he's
doing stand-up comments no he sometimes
has contrived expressions of rage as
part of his act as being expressive as a
comedian he's not out of control he's
naughty naughty let's say you don't like
sources videos obviously it's not
particularly my cup of tea but I mean
this is like the thing before we're
talking about you know tena mojo can't
you just be happy for her
if you don't like her Jean ref comedy if
you don't like Rosanna of videos why
can't you just recognize there's an
audience for it there's an audience for
me and what I do it's wonderful if 2,000
people want to watch a one hour video
I've made talking to a lawyer in
Washington DC talking about you know the
future of veganism animal rights in
ecology that that's amazing I don't even
know what's it at now yeah over 2,000
people that's wonderful it's a huge
audience from my perspective and people
who want to hate on me and say oh what a
boring video you just talk to this
lawyer about animal rights for an hour
yeah you're damn right and it's a
wonderful thing there's an audience for
it just recognize that and move on if a
hundred thousand people are into sources
content if a million people learn to
tender my show is kind of why can't we
just be happy for them why why would any
why would I natural vegan want to tear
her down why would cheetah want to tear
her down why why are any of you doing
this why can't you just be happy for and
recognize this is a victory for she
scored a point on PewDiePie she got
exposure to tens of millions of people
she exactly what she was going for it's
not the game I play it's not what I do
want on this channel but I can respect
the player and I can respect the game
just ridiculous but look if you watched
sources original video and you didn't
like it what do you rate it a five out
of ten people who like it more maybe
give it a seven out of ten whatever fine
what do you rate pewdiepie's video it's
a zero there's nothing of substance well
why don't you make a flowchart of what
PewDiePie brought to this argument he uh
he responds to the points that Sorcha
made by saying Sorcha shows off her ass
and Sorcha has a nice body and none of
you none of you find fault with that
none of you I mean you know what we're
all gonna pretend that sources the one
at fault here like Sorcha didn't bring
something of substance she did
durianrider just had a sincere response
yeah you know what sources got a point
the dude has no core message yeah you
know what this is worth talking about
you know what G whether or not spending
your life sitting on the couch playing
video games whether or not that's you
know hey maybe that's problematic maybe
but something we need to think about you
know
and I mean one of the things that
PewDiePie himself ridiculed in our
cheetah and others have gone into
ridicule Saoirse for is that you know
Sorcha had the honesty to say hey you
know what it doesn't matter if you if
you raise millions of dollars for
charity you still ain't [ __ ] maybe that
makes us nasty horrible people but sure
as vegans we all feel that way you
[ __ ] kidding me there's a clip here
on YouTube it's just a matter of keeping
your how wants you want to be you want
to play a phony [ __ ] game like a
natural vegan or do you want to keep it
real there's a clip on YouTube of Bill
Gates uh where he says that he thinks in
the future everyone should be vegan I
don't to my knowledge he's never lifted
a finger to make that happen neither on
the large scale of his charity and
political activism nor in terms of um
you know uh his own diet or ethics or
what have you but there's this clip of
him saying it at some point he realized
veganism is connected to you know
ecology and things to meaningful way
okay guess what Bill Gates I don't care
if you've given ten million dollars to
charity I'm vegan from my perspective
you still ain't [ __ ] I we all feel that
way we're it's just a question of how
honest you're gonna be about it do you
listen to rap music are you familiar
with the phrase it ain't trickin if you
got it this is related to our equally
profound phrase it ain't pimpin if you
got it giving a million dollars to
charity really doesn't mean much when
you got millions and millions of dollars
in your pocket havin the self-discipline
to you same with Elon Musk I've got a
video I don't know if we'll give the
link or what I've got a video on Elon
Musk on this who's never gone vegan
despite all his [ __ ] pretensions due
to being an environmentalist another
yeah you know what if you're vegan if
you regard veganism as a moral baseline
if you regard this as something that's
you know for everyone which is what
Sorcha unapologetically does then yeah
you know what you look at a guy like
pewdiepie and say hey you could do
better you could do more you could do
the bare minimum and you look at Elon
Musk and you look at Bill Gates and you
say guess what you've got millions of
dollars you're giving away some
percentage of your millions of dollars
to charity I expect more I expect better
I want you to do what I do every day
even though
don't have millions of dollars because I
think this is crucially important to who
I am as a human being to the future of
planet Earth and to the suffering of
millions of animals day by day what the
[ __ ] oh you people so pathetic what was
this your chance to try to stunt on
Sorcha like your channel is so much more
intellectually sophisticated and
sorceress I don't do that I do have
intellectually sophisticated content but
so what what I appreciate is anyone
keeping it real and exactly what you're
punishing Sorcha for is keeping it real
and the only video I've seen from
anybody respond to this that was keeping
it real to be honest is durianrider and
you know durianrider and i have beef you
know durianrider and i could have come
to blows in chiang mai or whatever it
was the great summit haha of youtube
jerks in in chiang mai but no
durianrider actually brought something
real to this game and what I see from
everyone else is some combination of
phony and idiocy